We built our project with the "finance" problem set as a model. Thus we have pages similar to "finance"'s login, homepage, activities and profile pages which we will explain below.
 
Login: Students are prompted to log in after which their login details including hashed passwords are stored in our first sql table. Unsuccessful login attempts redirect to the login page with an error message.
 
Activities: Students then have the choice of activities to complete. The 6 pages are populated using a fairly standard procedure in which the roots of a quadratic function randomly generated in python are passed to the HTML pages using jinja. The pages then use javascript to generate and unveil sequentially the steps required to solve the equations equated to zero. The steps are presented in HTML. For the teacher versions, as the javascript adds and reveals the new steps, the solutions to each step are automatically filled allowing the teacher to just click through using buttons with onclick functions. However, on the student versions of these activities, inputs are required to process. These are handled with buttons and onclick functions which check the validity of students' answers to each step using GetElementById, GetElementsByClassNames and query.selector functions. The onclick functions also unhide/rehide elements to allow processing through the page. Finally, the test pages send the solution inputs back into python for checking and, if correct, updating of a database of the logged in student's success. Upon completion of the page the students have the chance to submit their solution via post which refreshes the pages and updates the second sql table which is displayed on the page called...
 
Profile: this page shows the students attempts and success in each activity. This is generated by our second sql table: math_activities. On successful completion of an activity, python updates the sql database depending on which activity was completed. This is done using post requests and then passed into the HTML using jinja again.
 
We will now discuss some design choices. The use of python with flask, SQL, javascript and html all worked together well. The complexity came in the application of the javascript to procedurally populate the HTML in response to student and teacher inputs. The order of post requests back in python in response to user input also caused problems in checking the correctness of student inputs but this was circumvented with some reordering of code within python, and with some use of extra get.form request in python. 

